
define send
write Shamir secret comment in front of code
care the typo in NIZK with hat
care the hash function with little h
H2 needs to be Hcom
the order of hashed elements in H2 does not match the order in Hcom
we use a reliable broadcast that could be implemented with the book instanciation.

/!\ Wichtig~~
The lastround of broadcasting the success should not happen as there is always a way to timeout one person but the others agree on keys.
This step should happen  on chain, everybody post success on chain and only then we can do a timeout per epoch (i.e. after 3 blocks
of voting if we do not see all success then we abort)

We assume parties respond within some period (no assumption of timeouts) for the paper

The proof should say it's a synchronous broadcast. Our implmenetation uses asynch broadcast and at the last round we post on chain the success with the public timeout
based on epoch number.

Check https://eprint.iacr.org/2002/040.pdf on page 15
A remark on synchronous versus asynchronous networks. As we have mentioned above,
most of the results of this paper are presented in the synchronous network model. However, this
is for the sake of simplicity only. In fact, when output delivery is not guaranteed, asynchronous
communication does not present any additional hardship. Specifically, the honest parties should
merely wait until receiving all round i messages before sending their message for round i + 1.
This ensures that the only difference between a synchronous and an asynchronous execution is the
ability of the adversary to prevent the parties from receiving output. When output delivery is not
guaranteed, this is anyway allowed

Assume the proof uses synchrounous channels
Add this as a note:
In reality it is asynchrounous. and we do the following.
Change last sendbroadcast with success and round keygen5 and replace last sendbroadcast with terminating reliable broadcast.
Timeout is a failure event. On failure propose abort. On success in round 5  propose success tpt the instance of terminating reliable broadcast.
When the instance of BA decides terminate with keys. 
[discuss with Matej]


--------------

At the end of keygen4 every process broadcasts using the instance of TRB success.
In keygen 5 collect all the success (wait) the value and check if there exists a bot then abort
trbc.abort[sid](success)

say the broadcast channel is terminating and reliable
add a section optimizations: say what you do if does not terminate.
add in peer to peer (with the guarantee of termination). and delete last sentence. footnote to it (if the sender is faulty the receiver would get a special bot value that would be treated as abort).


